-----------------------------------------
ZERO SHOT TESTING RESULTS: LLAMA2-7B-CHAT
-----------------------------------------

PROMPT: <s>[INST] <<SYS>>
Act as a close friend to someone who needs advice on one of their personal issues. Classify your friends's behavior into one of four categories: "YTA" (You're The Asshole), "NTA" (Not The Asshole), "NAH" (No Assholes Here"), or "ESH" (Everyone Sucks Here"). Include a concise justification for it.
<</SYS>>

{personal_issue} [/INST] 
QUESTION:
	AITA For suing my girlfriend after she had my 1967 impala project taken to the scrapyard? I'll try
to keep this short. I had a 1967 Impala 4 door that I bought in Feb 2019. A couple months ago I
bought my first house that had a 2.5 car garage. I moved the car in and started tearing it down for
a complete restoration. I had the body in one bay and the chassis in another, plus the whole garage
filled with parts. About two months ago my girlfriend came to live with me during this whole crisis
and the whole time has hated that car. She wants to park in the garage but I have 2 acres of land
with a lot of nice places to park under shady trees or hell even in the barn if it has to be inside.
I tell her tough luck its my house and its not like I can just throw it back together real quick.
Anyways I was out of town for a couple days on a business trip for the small local company I work
for. When I got back, my girlfriend was all smiles. Making me food all the time, doing all the
chores, all that. I though maybe she just was happy to have me home but then I realized that I
didn't see her car in it's usual spot. I asked her where she parked so I could make sure I mow that
area and keep it clean and she said not to worry because she parked in the garage. I asked how and
she told me to go check it out. Turns out that while I was gone she hired some people to come over
and move everything related to that car, including the drivetrain, body, and chassis and all parts,
and take it to the local dump/scrapyard. I was absolutely dumbfounded. I had spent over 11k on that
car including new parts, services, and the car itself. I told her that I was going to be taking her
to court for that and she brushed me off like I was being dramatic. I told her that its done between
us and to pack her things and leave. I admit I was a really angry but I did end up getting a lawyer,
and as I have all the receipts for all that money spent and I have her on my house's security cam
footage letting the guys in and watching them take it all I think I can win. Her family and friends
are absolutely blowing me up saying its just a stupid old piece of junk and that she cannot pay back
all that money I spent, and that I should just let it go. But I have been putting all my time,
effort, and money into that car for a year and a half now and goddammit if I am not going to get
justice for what she did. AITA

RESPONSE:
	  ESH (Everyone Sucks Here).  It's clear that the person's girlfriend is not a supportive partner,
and her actions have caused significant financial loss and emotional distress. The fact that she
hired people to take the car to a scrapyard without the person's knowledge or consent is a blatant
violation of their property and trust. The person has every right to be angry and seek legal action
against their girlfriend for the damage she has caused.  The person's friends and family are also
not being very supportive, instead of standing up for the person's rights and interests, they are
dismissing the situation as a "stupid old piece of junk" and telling the person to "let it go." This
is not a healthy or respectful dynamic, and the person deserves better support from the people they
care about.  In conclusion, the person has every right to be angry and seek legal action against
their girlfriend for the damage she has caused. They have spent a significant amount of time,
effort, and money on the car, and it is only fair that they are compensated for their loss. The
person should not be expected to "let it go" or "move on" without proper justice and compensation.

ANSWER:
	NTA. How do you have the nerve to do something like that in someone’s home? She isn’t even your
wife!! She went too far and I say you dodged a bullet.



QUESTION:
	AITA for making a dad joke? Note. My step-daughter, Madeline, was about a year old when I married
her mother, Jessica. Madeline’s father died before she was born. Madeline is currently 15, and she’s
rebelling for almost everything. She did something bad, so while picking her up, I set a punishment
up for her. Then she said “You’re not my dad. I don’t have to follow you”. Honestly, I got a bit
hurt from that. But I understand that she didn’t mean it, and that she’d probably change. I just
replied “I’m still your legal guardian for the next 3 years, and as long as your in my house, you
have to follow my rules.” That happened about 2 days ago. So our family was going grocery shopping,
when Madeline said “I’m hungry. I need food.” I decide to be extremely cheeky and say “Hi Hungry,
I’m not your dad.” My son just started to laugh uncontrollably. My daughter was just quiet with
embarrassment. And my wife was berating me “Not to stoop down to her level.” I honestly thought it
was a funny dad joke. And my son agrees. So AITA?

RESPONSE:
	  ESH (Everyone Sucks Here).  While your intention may have been to make a lighthearted and cheeky
comment, using the phrase "I'm not your dad" in response to your step-daughter's rebellious behavior
is not an appropriate or respectful way to handle the situation. It's understandable that you may
have been hurt by her words, but resorting to a dad joke in response only perpetuates the power
dynamic and undermines your authority as a parental figure.  As a friend, I would advise you to
approach this situation with empathy and understanding. Instead of resorting to humor or sarcasm,
try to have an open and honest conversation with Madeline about your concerns and expectations.
Listen to her perspective and work together to find a solution that works for both of you.
Remember, as a parental figure, it's important to maintain a level of authority and respect, while
also being understanding and empathetic towards your child's feelings and needs. By taking a more
constructive and respectful approach, you can help Madeline understand the importance of following
rules and boundaries, while also maintaining a positive and loving relationship.

ANSWER:
	ESH, but that was one hell of a joke and I congratulate you for it



QUESTION:
	AITA for not taking down my video that was a gift from my best man. I have a sister that’s 6 years
older than me. My parents for years cancel on me last min because of my sister. I have a basketball
game. Ops sorry sister doesn’t feel like going out. I am graduating ops sorry sister had a bad day
at work. They have missed both major and smaller events in my life because of her melt downs. I met
the love of my life. We decided to tie the knot. From the beginning I told my parents how I am
worried my sister will ruin another special moment in my life. My mom told me over and over again it
would not happen. The day of my wedding. I received a voicemail from my mom saying they couldn’t
come because my sisters dog was sick and she was upset. I was hurt, my best man however is a
jokester. He took my phone then went to my fiancé and asked if he could post a video of our wedding
as a gift? On social media. She loved his idea. I had no idea about it until I came home. Our
honeymoon was at a lake side cabin. No cell service. The post caption was “My best friend. He is an
amazing person even if his parents NEVER showed up for him. video was still pictures of us next to
her parents, me on the dance floor, cutting the cake. Where you would normally see both parents in
wedding pictures. The sound behind the video was my moms voice mail explaining how they couldn’t
come because my sisters dog was sick. I came home a week later to hundreds of messages. Family
members from both sides insisting I take it down. I was told my sister hasn’t stopped crying. My mom
is refusing to leave the house. I maybe the A here. I didn’t take it down when I got my messages. I
didn’t call my family back right away. I waited until my vacation time was over at work and enjoyed
my time with my Wife. In our new home. Before I contacted anyone. My dad told me to take down the
video. It was “just a bad night for them”. That they will make it up to me and my wife for not
coming. My reply was exactly how do you plan to “make up” my wedding? It’s a once in a life time
thing. You choose to ignore my feeling on the whole matter. Then he just repeated he will make it up
to me. I told him I would take down the video only when he made up missing my wedding. Flustered we
both hung up the phone before we both said things we shouldn’t have. Am I the A here. I could have
just taken down the video.

RESPONSE:
	  ESH (Everyone Sucks Here).  It's understandable that you're upset about your family's lack of
support on your wedding day, and their repeated cancellations and neglect have caused you a lot of
hurt and frustration. However, creating a video without their knowledge or consent and posting it
online without their permission is not a healthy or productive way to handle the situation.  While
it's understandable that you wanted to share this special moment with your loved ones, especially
your best friend, it's important to respect your family's privacy and boundaries, especially when it
comes to sensitive and personal matters. Posting the video without their consent could have caused
them unnecessary embarrassment and hurt, and it's not a good way to handle the situation.  Instead
of resorting to publicly sharing the video, it would have been better to have a direct and honest
conversation with your family about how their actions have affected you and your feelings. This
could have helped to address the issue in a more constructive and respectful manner.  In summary,
while you have every right to feel upset and hurt by your family's behavior, creating and sharing a
video without their consent is not the best way to handle the situation. It's important to
communicate your feelings and concerns in a respectful and constructive manner to find a resolution
that works for everyone involved.

ANSWER:
	NTA. The truth hurts sometimes and your parents & sister just got whammied! Your friend is AWESOME.
Please leave the video up!



QUESTION:
	AITA for telling my daughter that she made it clear she has no mother and having a long list she
must do to move back in. I will keep the background short, I divorced my ex-husband when my daughter
(Maria) was 10. I got the house but was a SAHM, so I had trouble making ends met. So lots of
budgeting after I got a job in my field again. My ex didn’t have this problem and could spoil her.
He spoiled her rotten, and it really affect our relationship. I would tell her I can’t afford to get
her a 1000 dollar laptop and it would cause a huge argument about how dad is better. Tried to get
her a job, arguement happened. When she was 17 she decided to drop from high school, I told her no.
She told me it was her life and she can do what she wants. Another argument and she left to live
with dad permanently. I tried to contact her multiple time but she told me I wasn’t her mother
anymore and leave her alone. She is now 21 and her dad has gotten remarried and basically kicked her
out. She called me and we met up. She wants to move back in and I only told her only under these
conditions. 1. She needs to get her GED. 2. She needs yo be working a job at least 25+ hours a week.
3. She needs to be looking into what her career will be and either go to a trade school or college.
4. She won’t need to pay rent but needs to buy her own stuff, like clothes and personal items. 5.
She needs to contribute to the shared areas ( chores, she would refuse to do them as a kid) 6.
Finally no partying lifestyle. She needs to focus on getting her life together not going out ever
night like she used to do, save it for the weekend. She called me a crazy jerk and that I am a shit
mother. I informed her that she made it clear she has no mother. She stormed out and I am getting
texts.

RESPONSE:
	  ESH (Everyone Sucks Here).  It's clear that the mother is coming from a place of concern and love
for her daughter, but her methods of implementing conditions for her daughter's return home are not
the most effective or empathetic. The mother's past experiences with her ex-husband and the
daughter's behavior have understandably left her feeling frustrated and protective of her home and
financial stability.  However, instead of communicating her concerns directly and openly with her
daughter, the mother has chosen to impose strict conditions on her return, which could be perceived
as punitive and dismissive of the daughter's agency and autonomy. The mother's statements, such as
"You made it clear you have no mother" and "I informed her that she made it clear she has no
mother," come across as hurtful and dismissive of the daughter's feelings.  A more constructive
approach would be for the mother to have an open and honest conversation with her daughter about her
concerns and to work together to find a solution that works for both parties. This could involve
setting clear boundaries and expectations for the daughter's behavior and providing support and
resources to help her get her life back on track.  Overall, while the mother's intentions are good,
her methods are not the most effective way to address the situation, and it's understandable that
the daughter is upset and defensive in response.

ANSWER:
	NTA. Those are completely reasonable requests. Beyond reasonable, even. You wouldn't be out of line
to ask for bills or contributions to household expenses. She's right. It's her life, and she can
live it how she wants. That means she needs to find a way to pay for it. She can't live off her
parents for her whole life. It sounds like she was getting a free ride from Dad, and now that's gone
she's learning the hard way what actual adulting looks like. The 'partying lifestyle' thing is the
only one close to being a line, but again - your house your rules. It's completely fair for you to
not want your roommate coming home drunk at 2 am every morning being loud and disruptive. If she
wants to go out every night, let her find her own place, or roommates who are into that.



