-----------------------------------------
ZERO SHOT TESTING RESULTS: LLAMA2-7B-CHAT
-----------------------------------------

PROMPT: 
          You are a close friend who is giving advice on a personal issue.
          Each personal issue will start with a title sentence that begins with the abbreviation "AITA" (Am I The Asshole) followed by one or more paragraphs that provide context about the issue.
          You will do two things. First, classify your friend into only one of the following four categories: "YTA" (Your The Asshole), "NTA" (Not The Asshole), "NAH" (No Assholes Here"), or "ESH" (Everyone Sucks Here").
          Then, immediately after this classification, provide a short justification for it.
          Do not respond with anything other than a single classification (YTA, NTA, NAH, or ESH) and justification.

          Personal Issue: {personal_issue}
           
QUESTION:
	AITA For suing my girlfriend after she had my 1967 impala project taken to the scrapyard? I'll try
to keep this short. I had a 1967 Impala 4 door that I bought in Feb 2019. A couple months ago I
bought my first house that had a 2.5 car garage. I moved the car in and started tearing it down for
a complete restoration. I had the body in one bay and the chassis in another, plus the whole garage
filled with parts. About two months ago my girlfriend came to live with me during this whole crisis
and the whole time has hated that car. She wants to park in the garage but I have 2 acres of land
with a lot of nice places to park under shady trees or hell even in the barn if it has to be inside.
I tell her tough luck its my house and its not like I can just throw it back together real quick.
Anyways I was out of town for a couple days on a business trip for the small local company I work
for. When I got back, my girlfriend was all smiles. Making me food all the time, doing all the
chores, all that. I though maybe she just was happy to have me home but then I realized that I
didn't see her car in it's usual spot. I asked her where she parked so I could make sure I mow that
area and keep it clean and she said not to worry because she parked in the garage. I asked how and
she told me to go check it out. Turns out that while I was gone she hired some people to come over
and move everything related to that car, including the drivetrain, body, and chassis and all parts,
and take it to the local dump/scrapyard. I was absolutely dumbfounded. I had spent over 11k on that
car including new parts, services, and the car itself. I told her that I was going to be taking her
to court for that and she brushed me off like I was being dramatic. I told her that its done between
us and to pack her things and leave. I admit I was a really angry but I did end up getting a lawyer,
and as I have all the receipts for all that money spent and I have her on my house's security cam
footage letting the guys in and watching them take it all I think I can win. Her family and friends
are absolutely blowing me up saying its just a stupid old piece of junk and that she cannot pay back
all that money I spent, and that I should just let it go. But I have been putting all my time,
effort, and money into that car for a year and a half now and goddammit if I am not going to get
justice for what she did. AITA

RESPONSE:
	 YTA.  You are angry and have the right to be, but suing your girlfriend is not the solution. It's
important to take a step back and assess the situation before taking legal action. Consider having a
calm and rational conversation with her about how her actions affected you and the car. It may also
be helpful to seek the advice of a mediator or counselor to help resolve the issue in a constructive
way.

ANSWER:
	NTA. How do you have the nerve to do something like that in someone’s home? She isn’t even your
wife!! She went too far and I say you dodged a bullet.



QUESTION:
	AITA for making a dad joke? Note. My step-daughter, Madeline, was about a year old when I married
her mother, Jessica. Madeline’s father died before she was born. Madeline is currently 15, and she’s
rebelling for almost everything. She did something bad, so while picking her up, I set a punishment
up for her. Then she said “You’re not my dad. I don’t have to follow you”. Honestly, I got a bit
hurt from that. But I understand that she didn’t mean it, and that she’d probably change. I just
replied “I’m still your legal guardian for the next 3 years, and as long as your in my house, you
have to follow my rules.” That happened about 2 days ago. So our family was going grocery shopping,
when Madeline said “I’m hungry. I need food.” I decide to be extremely cheeky and say “Hi Hungry,
I’m not your dad.” My son just started to laugh uncontrollably. My daughter was just quiet with
embarrassment. And my wife was berating me “Not to stoop down to her level.” I honestly thought it
was a funny dad joke. And my son agrees. So AITA?

RESPONSE:
	 YTA (You're The Asshole) Justification: You intentionally made a hurtful comment to your step-
daughter, using a phrase that is likely to be painful for her given her father's recent death. Your
attempt to "be cheeky" and make a "dad joke" was inappropriate and disrespectful, especially given
the sensitive situation.

ANSWER:
	ESH, but that was one hell of a joke and I congratulate you for it



QUESTION:
	AITA for not taking down my video that was a gift from my best man. I have a sister that’s 6 years
older than me. My parents for years cancel on me last min because of my sister. I have a basketball
game. Ops sorry sister doesn’t feel like going out. I am graduating ops sorry sister had a bad day
at work. They have missed both major and smaller events in my life because of her melt downs. I met
the love of my life. We decided to tie the knot. From the beginning I told my parents how I am
worried my sister will ruin another special moment in my life. My mom told me over and over again it
would not happen. The day of my wedding. I received a voicemail from my mom saying they couldn’t
come because my sisters dog was sick and she was upset. I was hurt, my best man however is a
jokester. He took my phone then went to my fiancé and asked if he could post a video of our wedding
as a gift? On social media. She loved his idea. I had no idea about it until I came home. Our
honeymoon was at a lake side cabin. No cell service. The post caption was “My best friend. He is an
amazing person even if his parents NEVER showed up for him. video was still pictures of us next to
her parents, me on the dance floor, cutting the cake. Where you would normally see both parents in
wedding pictures. The sound behind the video was my moms voice mail explaining how they couldn’t
come because my sisters dog was sick. I came home a week later to hundreds of messages. Family
members from both sides insisting I take it down. I was told my sister hasn’t stopped crying. My mom
is refusing to leave the house. I maybe the A here. I didn’t take it down when I got my messages. I
didn’t call my family back right away. I waited until my vacation time was over at work and enjoyed
my time with my Wife. In our new home. Before I contacted anyone. My dad told me to take down the
video. It was “just a bad night for them”. That they will make it up to me and my wife for not
coming. My reply was exactly how do you plan to “make up” my wedding? It’s a once in a life time
thing. You choose to ignore my feeling on the whole matter. Then he just repeated he will make it up
to me. I told him I would take down the video only when he made up missing my wedding. Flustered we
both hung up the phone before we both said things we shouldn’t have. Am I the A here. I could have
just taken down the video.

RESPONSE:
	 YTA: Yes, you are the A here. You could have just taken down the video, but instead you chose to
publicly shame your family and escalate the situation.

ANSWER:
	NTA. The truth hurts sometimes and your parents & sister just got whammied! Your friend is AWESOME.
Please leave the video up!



QUESTION:
	AITA for telling my daughter that she made it clear she has no mother and having a long list she
must do to move back in. I will keep the background short, I divorced my ex-husband when my daughter
(Maria) was 10. I got the house but was a SAHM, so I had trouble making ends met. So lots of
budgeting after I got a job in my field again. My ex didn’t have this problem and could spoil her.
He spoiled her rotten, and it really affect our relationship. I would tell her I can’t afford to get
her a 1000 dollar laptop and it would cause a huge argument about how dad is better. Tried to get
her a job, arguement happened. When she was 17 she decided to drop from high school, I told her no.
She told me it was her life and she can do what she wants. Another argument and she left to live
with dad permanently. I tried to contact her multiple time but she told me I wasn’t her mother
anymore and leave her alone. She is now 21 and her dad has gotten remarried and basically kicked her
out. She called me and we met up. She wants to move back in and I only told her only under these
conditions. 1. She needs to get her GED. 2. She needs yo be working a job at least 25+ hours a week.
3. She needs to be looking into what her career will be and either go to a trade school or college.
4. She won’t need to pay rent but needs to buy her own stuff, like clothes and personal items. 5.
She needs to contribute to the shared areas ( chores, she would refuse to do them as a kid) 6.
Finally no partying lifestyle. She needs to focus on getting her life together not going out ever
night like she used to do, save it for the weekend. She called me a crazy jerk and that I am a shit
mother. I informed her that she made it clear she has no mother. She stormed out and I am getting
texts.

RESPONSE:
	 YTA (You're The Asshole)             Justification: You are being very unfair and unreasonable. You
are making your daughter jump through hoops to move back in with you, and you are being very
controlling and critical. You are not giving her any space to grow and develop as an adult, and you
are not respecting her autonomy.

ANSWER:
	NTA. Those are completely reasonable requests. Beyond reasonable, even. You wouldn't be out of line
to ask for bills or contributions to household expenses. She's right. It's her life, and she can
live it how she wants. That means she needs to find a way to pay for it. She can't live off her
parents for her whole life. It sounds like she was getting a free ride from Dad, and now that's gone
she's learning the hard way what actual adulting looks like. The 'partying lifestyle' thing is the
only one close to being a line, but again - your house your rules. It's completely fair for you to
not want your roommate coming home drunk at 2 am every morning being loud and disruptive. If she
wants to go out every night, let her find her own place, or roommates who are into that.



